# Introduction 

This repository (repo) will show you some of my projects that I have been working on. And here is a brief introduction.

### Data Visualization and Reporting Projects

+ **Project 1. Data Visualization** 
  
  A quick video will show you an ad hoc report generated by using DOMO (a very similar tool as Tableau). Data is pulling from Microsoft SQL server which is part of the ELT process.
  
  If you are interested in learning more about DOMO, you find more information here https://www.domo.com/
     
     
     
+ **Project 2. Project Summary Report Automation** 
  
  This is a report automation project. A quick video will show you how to generate a project in both Powerpoint and PDF format by a simple click. 
  
  The two main techniques used in this project are Microsoft SQL and Python UDF (User-defined Function). The excel template connects to the SQL server to get data/query updated. What's more, the excel UDF will enable us to 
  run the backend Python code to generate the report in a designed structure automatically.
  
     
+ **Project 3. Sensitivity Analysis** 

    1) What is sensitivity analysis
        
       A sensitivity analysis determines how different values of an independent variable affect a particular dependent variable under a given set of assumptions. In other words, sensitivity analyses study how various sources of uncertainty in a mathematical model contribute to the model's overall uncertainty [1]. 
       
    2) What's the end goal of this project
    
       As a investor, we want to know how will our IRR (Internal Return Rate) change with the change of some related factors such as market growth rate, expense growth rate, loan rate, and etc.
       
       The main techniques used in this project is Python xlwings and pandas packages.
    

### Statistical Modelling/Machine Learning/AI Projects
  TBD...Stay tuned

**Reference** 

[1] https://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/sensitivityanalysis.asp
